{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Note: Still playing with color\
- suggestions?\
\
I like the color scheme and your type choices.\
- for the poster maybe relate it more to the design choices you did for your website\
\
\
-Yusef : I like the poster. I feel the color variation of the purple circles could be more dramatic in variation. I Think the cover for the poster could be more interesting as well. \
	Really like what I\'92m seeing when it comes to the web pages. It does seem a little confusing on the last page that the text in blue seems like a pull quote. I just don\'92t know if it is a pull quote or a sub header.\
\
\
\'96Matthew: \
	\'96I\'92m digging the hierarchy, and the text feels mostly resolved. I\'92m not sure if the red set type is working as well. Maybe it\'92s the line-height, but Idk something could make it feel more like the blue type and the body.\
	\'96 The poster: I think it feels a little heavy on the eyes. With most of  your web, the light font is working so well I\'92d like to see more of it in the poster and integrated more with the image. It\'92s a good start though!\
\
Abby\
\
-I like how you treated the pull out quotes \
\
-For the page with the interview, I would add something to the text so you know who is speaking. Like A: Do you remember..\
T: In college\'85. \
\
-Maybe for the poster, you words from her poster  (ex. \'93Stop telling women to smile\'94)  because I think that it has a very strong message.  \
\
You should combine her artworks and quotes.\
The layout i like very much. like the color choices.\
\
I think that for the poster there should be some kind of element added. It feels a bit plain. That may just be because of the sizing but you should experiment.\
\
Jenna \
\
I like the format of your webpages.  For the text that starts the beginning of the page, that is red, maybe change the color to a darker blue to the one you have for your title and pull out quotes.  \
The images are really cool! For her art work, maybe add a caption underneath it so we can know what the title of each art work is.\
\
Webpage looks nice. Love the pictures. Printed piece looks cool too but I don\'92t like the long paragraph. Maybe add pullout quotes from the webpage???\
\
\
\
\
I like the light blue and red color combinations since they go with the photos, maybe try a bolder font for the title? All of the photos have a gritty new york style to them which looks cool. \
\
I think this is a great start. I am a big fan of your color palette and how you have placed your images in relation to your body text. One thing that I noticed was your pull quotes, specifically your line height and sizing. I think out of all of your pages, number 3 & 4 is the closest to being done. Try to structure the rest of them like that (in regards to the author, date, header, sub header, body text, ect. ) - Will Howell \
\
I like this layout a lot. The pull quotes and titles are set up great! I think maybe getting rid of the paragraph indents would be better. I think maybe the purple you used in your poster might be better than the red color. Your poster is great, very cool. Just be careful with the justified text on the back. Super interesting though -Maggie \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I think the pages look nice, very clean. I would maybe add some more structure such as rules to visually break up the text a bit more. I don\'92t think the paragraphs need to be indented since they have space between them. For the callouts I think using a light weight is nice but I might pick a slightly beefier weight for the text. I like the poster and think maybe the colors could reference the web a bit more or the web could reference the poster. \'97Mike\
\
The blue seems a little too light, makes it a little harder to read on white. Try a darker blue? I think your images can be a bit bigger too, they\'92re really nice. Your pages are clear and nicely laid out. I feel like your poster can be more engaging, a white background is making it a little flat. -Kayana\
\
I love the font choices and the color palette for the peice. The layout and the typographic choices work very well. I\'92m just not sure about the red subheading color\'85 it looks like a default red color. I think you can make it more of a neutral color to compliment the photos. Some instances where you have the more then one image in a row doesn\'92t work as well. -Nikola \
\
\
\
 \
\
}